# Development-Lifecycle

# How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
I interpret user needs and implement them into a program by taking into account exactly what the user is looking for. For example, when working on the SNHU Travel project, I made sure to listen to what each user said they would want to see on our site if they were to switch over to our Niche travel site. They mentioned listing top 5 or 10 destinations, customizing those top destinations based on previous travel history, being able to choose the type of vacation they want to go on through settings, and choosing price limits and seeing the top destinations based on those limits. Using this information from the focus group, the I was then able to create user stories for the developers to create, in the user stories there were details on how to go about creating the tools and features for each of the requests from the users. 

# How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
I approach developing programs in a much different way now, instead of looking at a project as a whole, I will now look at the project as many smaller projects that need to be completed for the whole project to be considered done. The agile process that I hope to incorporate into my future development work is the process of Scrum, from what I have learned so far in this software development lifecycle course, Scrum is extremely effective for both small and large projects, it allows for the entire team to continiously improve and manage their own work, all while developing high quality work to stakeholders. 

# What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
To be a good team member in software development, it is important to be open to the agile process, work closely with your team members to ensure a high quality product is produced at the end of each sprint, and attend all Scrum events. Product Owner needs to keep in close contact with the customer and stakeholders throughout the entirety of the project to make sure that the software at the end of each sprint meets their needs, they also need to work closely with the developers as they are the ones developing the software. The Scrum Master needs to facilitate the Scrum events and ensure that Scrum is understood and that the practices are implemented by all of the team members. The developers are in charge of turning user stories into working tools and featues for the customer, as well as communicating with the Product Owner to make sure they are doing their job correctly. And lastly, the testers are to not just work at the end of the sprint, but to work alongside the developers to guarantee all criteria is met. As long as each team member is performing their duty correctly, then they are a good team member.
